### Question 1
---------------------------
### Questions:
1. Explain, in general terms and your own words, what memoization is (0.5 pts)
2. Consider the following code:
``` python
  def func(n):
  if n == 0 or n == 1:
  return n
  else:
  return func(n-1) + func(n-2)
```
3. What does it do? (0.5 pts)
4. Is this an example of a divide-and-conquer algorithm? Explain. (0.5 pts)
5. What is its time complexity? (0.5 pts)
6. Implement a version of the code above that use memoization to improve performance.
Provide this as ex1.3.py. (2 pts)
7. Perform an analysis of your optimized code: what is its computational complexity? (3
pts)
8. Time the original code and your improved version, for all integers between 0 and 35,
and plot the results. Provide the code you used for this as ex1.5.py. (2 pt)
9. Discuss the plot and compare them to your complexity analysis. (1 pt)
1 Yep, not a typo, we are not talking about “memorization”.

### Part 1:

Memoization is a process where values from a computation are stored in a 'cache' and then retrived from that same 'cache' the next time the same computation is done.

### Part 2/3:

The code is to calculate the fibonacci number at index 'n', this function works by recursively adding together n-1 and n-2 until the base cases are reached (0 or 1) then all of the numbers are added back together.

### Part 4:

Yes, the function breaks down the number (n) until the base case (0 or 1) is reached. At this point the function will then add together all of the sub-solutions to get the fibonacci number at index 'n'.

### Part 5:

Time complexity is T(2^N)

### Part 6:
