Code:

``` python
import sys
sys.setrecursionlimit(20000)
def func1(arr, low, high):
    if low < high:
        pi = func2(arr, low, high)
        func1(arr, low, pi-1)
        func1(arr, pi + 1, high)
def func2(array, start, end):
    p = array[start]
    low = start + 1
    high = end
    while True:
        while low <= high and array[high] >= p:
            high = high - 1
        while low <= high and array[low] <= p:
            low = low + 1
        if low <= high:
            array[low], array[high] = array[high], array[low]
        else:
            break
    array[start], array[high] = array[high], array[start]
    return high
```

## Questions:
1. Explain what the code does and perform an average-case complexity analysis. Describe
the process, not just the result. (2 pts)
2. Test the code on all the inputs at:
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ldklab/ensf338w23/main/assignme
nts/assignment2/ex2.json
Plot timing results. Provide your timing/plotting code as ex2.2.py. (2 pts)
3. Compare the timing results with the result of the complexity analysis. Is the result
consistent? Why? (2 pts)
4. Change the code – if possible – to improve its performance on the input given in point 2.
If possible, provide your code as ex2.4.py and plot the improved results. If not possible,
explain why. (2 pts)
5. Alter the inputs given in point 2 – if possible - to improve the performance of the code
given in the text of the question. The new inputs should contain all the elements of the
old inputs, and nothing more. Plot the results and provide the new inputs as ex2.5.json).
If not possible, explain why. (2 pts)


## Answers:
### 1. 
This code uses the quick sort method to sort arrays. Quick sort works by recursively subdividing the array and
ordering each subdivision. The arrays are sorted around the pivot point, which in this case is the first element of
the array. The subdivision will continue until the length of all sub-arrays have a single element.

#### Average Case Complexity Analysis:
 
 __Step 1__
It is necessary to establish a hypothetical average partition, that is one that is not awlays balanced.
In this case, assume that the partitioning will never be worse than a 3-to-1 split, so for every partition,
one subdivision will receive n/4 elements and the other will get 3n/4. 

__Step 2__
Now, the total partioning time for each subdivision will never exceed cn. (For example, one side will compare n/4
elements, the other will compare 3n/4 elements, resulting in n compared elements.)

__Step 3__
The node of the partition which receives n/4 elements each time will have log_4(n) layers. This is the shortest path to
a subdivision of size one, and so every layer beyond this layer will have a partitioning time < cn.

__Step 4__
It is now necessary to calculate the layers of the longest path to a subdivision size of one. This will be the path
that receives 3n/4 elements each partition. In this case, we will reach log_4/3(n) levels.

__Step 5__
Now, combining the partitioning time of each level with the total number of levels, we have O(nlog_3/4(n)).
We can use the fact that log_4/3(n) = log_2(n) / log_2(4/3). Furthermore, since log_2(4/3) is a constant, we can
disregard it, so we are left with O(nlog_2(n)) as an average case complexity.

### 2.
